Ah, you and many other people have said that
discipline is key, but
what is discipline? Discipline is like every day you have to do what
you have to do and you can't be
like I am feeling lazy, today I don't feel like
working, you just  have to do what you
have to do like getting up at a certain time every day nope
or at a certain time or what a je esperance tell me
look in your case you have to study a lot
ok so you have to complete your studies
before sleeping
thatchi so you have  To complete your study,
whatever target you have set, don't set your
targets, do as much as you
can, you will feel
satisfied at night, go to sleep comfortably, you will feel
satisfied, go to sleep comfortably after studying,
wake up on time in the morning, don't be like that
today  I slept for 9 hours, no, 7 hours, 6 hours
that's it, by the way, seven hours
is sufficient for me, so it is sufficient, don't know
how much it will be for you,
don't do more than that  Don't do this, but the thing is that you
sleep for seven hours and then wake up, do you know how it happens,
I will tell you, people make a big mistake,
the problem is that they set an alarm, then they are
like a 5 minute snooze and
then they go to sleep  I did a 10 minute snooze no it's
like you're sleeping like this the alarm goes off like
this or so it's locked you're sleeping in
[music]
that's how you wake up okay that's how you wake up
and you're not like I'm getting up I'm getting
up  I am waiting for please 10 minutes or 5 minutes more you
don't do that okay you are strong enough to
just wake up because you do
n't know I will tell you scientifically guys
I am not a science student so but still I'm going to tell
you scientifically because I have done
a  I read it in a meme,
so the thing is that if you do these things, I
wake up in 10 minutes, I wake up in 1 minute
and you are getting half sleep,
at that time you will get a headache, okay,
it's better.  to just wake up like this and
boom its done m